Everybody, welcome to another episode of understory podcast, understory features Innovations, innovators and Technologies are trying to make our world more sustainable today. 
I am really excited to have at least robach who is the CEO and founder a terror shield. 
And at least also has amazing background with a PhD in mechanical engineering from MIT and has done a lot of interesting work. 
So so at least Welcome to our podcast and I know, today we're going to talk about Windows and material. 
So tell us a little bit more about yourself and the journey so far, a tariff Shield, Yeah, definitely. 
I'm excited to be here. 
So in particular are shield is working to develop manufacture of a super insulating sheet of porous glass, that's ready to drop into existing window manufacturing so that we can create better window products from the ground up, and that's pretty exciting. 
Because, you know, I was born and raised in small town in Wisconsin, where we really spent a lot of time out in the environment and really saw the Nation of you know, just how Magnificent the world we live in is and so when both my myself and my co-founder really got started into deciding where we wanted to take our careers. 
You know I think we both both myself. 
My co-founder, dr. 
Kyle Wilkie. 
We really had this innate sense of wanting to protect this amazing, you know, natural resource that we had. 
But we also both had this, you know, interest in solving problems so we chose to go into mechanical engineering. End of each other and that kind of led us into acquiring more skills towards solving these big problems and the more you learn, the more you realize that these problems are massive and and aren't going anywhere. 
And so, as I got into my graduate work at MIT working with this, this material that era Shield is now working to manufacture. 
I think, really the first moment where where I realized that era Shield was a path that I wanted to take was when we realized that. You know, more than 80% of new windows are still focused on just kind of meeting the bare minimum of building code and minimum Energy, Efficiency standards. 
And that when we look at the reasons why there are so many barriers to getting better to getting better from a sustainability standpoint from, you know, a life cycle analysis standpoint, but also just from, you know, inequity of comfort in our buildings because there is a cost barrier and Patient barrier. 
And so, for a lot of reasons, we started to see that, you know, particular thermal insulation in Windows was something that, you know, from a heat transfer expertise, both my co-founder and I had an interest in but it was really this opportunity to translate those skills into solving a massive problem 40 billion dollars every year in the United States is lost because of our windows. 
And like I said, 80% of products are not going to be able to change that story anytime soon. 
And so, as we started to really understand the Technology that we were working on, you know, a super clear transparent. 
Solid insulator really could could change this industry and the more that we learned about that problem, the more we came excited about trying to solve it. 
And so, that really is the story of why we're here today. 
That's really exciting to hear that your mission is to transform the window industry to make Windows more energy, efficient sustainable. 
I mean that's that's that's it. 
And yet there are so many. Each work behind it, especially mature engineering, and supply chain so forth. 
So, you talk about thermal insulation and amateur that you're working with Elise, if you could share, just a bit more for audio, just the EduCare audience about how Windows built today, and what are the innovations that you guys are building from A Material Science perspective that could potentially be economical and Decibel for all kinds of buildings. 
Well, I'd say it's a great question. 
And I think the the first place that I would start is kind of challenging this concept of what we think is a window. 
I think it's really easy to picture, you know, a big commercial building with with full glass on the outside. 
Yeah. 
But in reality you know, those windows look in a lot of ways, very similar to the same things that go into say, like our grocery store, freezer doors. 
And so I think that there's there's One aspect, which are a shield in particular has sought to understand like fundamentally first, why is it so hard to make our Windows more efficient? And actually comes back to the fact that we really like transparency in our windows. 
So glass and gases have this great visual experience, but when we think about insulation glass is not, you know, one of our best tools. 
And when we think about durability and cost of manufacturing, gases can create challenges. Jizz and so for, you know, our solution, we really looked at it all the advantages that glass and gas could bring to a window. 
Broadly speaking, whether it's one that's going to go into your home, or your office, or maybe even, you know, something like a card or at some point in future, you know, we really think about fundamentally, what do we want to improve and era shield in particular, has this amazing ability to be very clear but also provide, you know, some of the Translation. 
It's a material that's made up of 95% are so the Airship materials, a pane of glass that's made up of 95% air that's trapped inside of tiny little pores that we've engineered to be so small that the wavelength of light don't interact with them. 
And so it allows these tiny little pores to do all the job of super insulation, regardless of your application. 
You know we always we almost always want to keep you know separation with Communication. 
So being able to provide something that was more insulating than a gas in a solid and clear form factor. 
Really hits at this. 
Fundamental problem of, you know, I want to be able to see things but not lose my energy through them. 
And so today, era Shields kind of first product really looks at being able to work with the elements of glass and gases and Coatings in order to be able to kind of upgrade what normally is inside of a She'll double pane window, which is more than 80% of new products in the US, which is, you know, a pane of Glass on either side, with a gas-filled Inside, by just replacing some or all of that with this, you know, super insulating glass styrofoam, you know, it when we think about it, and those kind of terms can boost the performance of that window made in the same way, it is today, except now it has a piece of air Shield material. 
We envision being able to make that, you know, 50% more insulating than it was before by just having that layer. Yeah, I think I think we think about it from, you know, there's Windows everywhere, they're made, you know and all kinds of different ways. 
How fundamentally can we provide something that makes a difference now? And as if for your mind is it mostly for new buildings or it would it be easy to be embedded in English, you know, retrofits and renovations to to get existing buildings more energy, efficient Yeah, I would say that. 
Certainly we've focused initially in particular on new windows and new windows for the residential market and there's a whole period of kind of like size and value decisions that have gone into that. Yeah, I apologize. 
Can you can you repeat the question one more time? Yeah. 
So it's whether it's for existing buildings or for new buildings. 
So, for existing buildings, is it easy to take out the contractors and construction firm or the designers and and take out the existing window, put put in the air or Shield material and and then put the window back back in or the initial PHA doubt were mostly floor. Building certainly. 
Yeah. 
So so as I mentioned like in our first product focused on residential, we've really focused on what we consider new window Market which typically overlaps, it's mostly focused on any point in time at which you have a lot of construction happening on the envelope of your building. 
So that's typically like renovation and remodeling and new bill. 
Okay. 
So we kind of view it because we're so early in the integration process. 
So we actually go look at dropping into the existing Is today where they cut one pane of glass and seal it with another with that, with that gas in between, we look at actually dropping in that process before the window has even gotten say it's framing elements or you know officially decided that it's going to be, you know, a Northeast style certification or or something, maybe from like the Southwest, okay? And then the mature that you're using or the the the engineer and that you're doing. 
All right, all right. Have a robust supply chain for this materials or it does the world have robust supply chain for these materials to let's say, accommodate every new building that will go up in the next 20 to 30 years. 
Yeah, yeah that's a that's a great question so we're pretty early in our manufacturing development, we're actually hoping this year to set up and demonstrate our pilot manufacturing line in in Hyde Park Massachusetts. In particular we've we've had the luxury of or I guess I should say that the honor of coming after some really great Giants in the aerogel space, for example, like Aspen aerogels is, you know, massive manufacturer of a material set that's similar to ours. 
So in a lot of ways, some of the chemical Supply chains have have already kind of been used and developed specifically for our material, but the other piece that I'd say, is right now, the way that we kind of look at expanding our production, we use chemicals that are actually used. You know, pretty, ubiquitous lie, across manufacturing industry. 
So for example, like of the kind of four chemicals that we know for sure will be part of the mix right now. 
You know, water ammonia and methanol are part of those which are really readily abundant and actually can be recycled. 
So, we're pretty optimistic about with a very small amount of tear material. 
You can have a big energy impact and that means that with a small amount of material in a small amount of supply chain input. 
Yeah. We certainly feel that you are shield could be a part of every window at some point in the future. What's the manufacturing kind of design process lock like? So for audience to understand what are some of the considerations that you have to think about? Now as a CEO and co-founder as you plan, the manufacturing design is a sourcing. 
Is that sustainable manufacturing? What are some of the considerations Well, I would say that our biggest role right now is kind of being a hub for a lot of different ideas to come together. 
So we certainly have, you know our manufacturing process is it's a little bit like a freeze-dried Jell-O in the sense that we start with chemicals and we mix them up together and we mold them and then we have to you know rinse this, this kind of Jell-O like glass Nano structure that's been filled with say assault During that chemical reaction. 
So what you've got is sitting in this mold is a piece of this material with this. 
As I mentioned this unique Nano structure, that could allow it to be super insulating but that's all filled with liquid. 
So the biggest tricky step in our process is being able to extract all that liquid without damaging. 
All those great properties of this you know, really highly strut nanostructured material so that's really the step in the process. 
We do that, not with freeze-drying in, in that case like you think Freeze dried strawberry from the grocery store. 
They're able to take the liquid inside the strawberry, freeze it and then sublimated out. 
So that that strawberry remains intact. 
But the liquid is gone. 
We did the same thing. 
But instead of freezing, we actually bring that liquid inside up to something called supercritical conditions, where above a certain temperature and pressure the liquid no longer has surface tension or that little meniscus, that likes to climb up on our, on our glasses of water. 
So the good news is that That's actually a process that for example like Aspen aerogels is already used and been developed actually you know since the original materials invented almost a hundred years ago. 
But for us to have a form factor that is a sheet and that can be clear and with a cost that really starts to change buying behavior in terms of thermal performance. 
That's really where we have, you know, the biggest challenges and I would say that that we're kind of looking at is an opportunity to You know what parts of our process can we make better to serve the window industry and you know, windows in general. 
So it's pretty exciting. 
So, in particular, as I mentioned, we're setting up our pilot rant line around this this core piece of equipment that does that kind of extraction that supercritical liquid extraction. 
So, that's kind of where we've focused our first development to be able to make these sheets and really begin to test full window prototypes because we're really excited. To get to that phase and concretely kind of proved that performance. 
Yeah, just really exciting. 
And I think it's especially exciting that we're able to talk to you and your company are such early stages. 
You're putting everything together and we're really excited to see to come. 
So, for construction, firms or architectural, firms, or designers, who I think should be interested in what you're doing. 
How can I find you and find the company and learn more or maybe? In the pilot. 
Yeah, definitely we of course I'd say there's there's many layers that we love to engage, you know. 
One of the base ones is we actually just really love to learn more about the industry and and so for that would love to get any kind of Engagement and I feel free to reach out to us. 
We have a contact information on the on our website, which is era, Shield a ero, S.H.I.E.L.D, dot Tech. Eh and then there's also we have our our contact email address which is contact a Tara Shield Tech and yeah and we'd love to, you know, have a conversation about, you know, any problems that you're seeing or needs that that would be helpful from Windows but just also, you know, learning more about Trends and yeah, anything anything building. 
We love to hear about great. 
Well, at least thank you so much for sharing your perspective and really excited to see More from are Shields, at least robach, CEO, and co-founder of error Shield. 
Thanks Elise. 
Thank you.