Hello and welcome to a special edition of the top of the D podcast. I'm Ross bone also known as the top ofD and with the Olympic qualifying playoffs getting underway this past weekend. I decided to leave the domestic games to one side and we focusing on the road to Tokyo. So here's what's coming up next stop Tokyo for Australia China and Spain after they held their nerves in the women's Olympic. Fires as pain in Spain for France as their dreams are crushed by the red sticks. The Netherlands are on their way to Tokyo. But Irish Hearts were broken by a video nasty. I'll take a look ahead at Great Britain's matches with Malaysia for the men's qualifiers and chilies for the women's there's all this and plenty more coming up. So without further Ado let's get crackin. But of course before we get into all that it's time for this week's Who Am I quiz if you haven't listened before it's nice and easy, I give you three Clues over the course of the show. You have to guess who the mystery hockey player is here's the first clue. I was born on the 28th of October 1980. Or in Hamburg Germany and I've spent all bomber one season of my club career playing from my home club, uh see that clue again. I was born on the 28th of October 1984 in Hamburg Germany, and I've spent all bar one season of my club career playing from my home club, uh, see any ideas might be an easy one for some might be difficult for others. Anyway, if you haven't got that dough, don't worry. There's another clue coming up very shortly. So here we go. Then the 10 days that will make or break. The Olympic dreams of hockey's top athletes has begun. The FH is Olympic qualifying playoffs came roaring into action with some fantastic hockey some interesting score lines. And at least one huge talking point. I've seen some people on social media question in the system for qualifying saying there's too much riding on two games in A short space of time I've seen some people say there should be full on tourneys involving more than the two teams in each game. I can see that point of view and before the games got underway. I assumed that with such high stakes with zkg games where the higher-ranked side eventually prevailed give them the evidence of the first weekend of matches. I was definitely wrong about the kg side of things. So what I'll do is I'll give you a quick rundown of what's happened in the match. Has so far and then pick up a couple of points that I want to address in a little more detail. So first up a look at the women's Olympic qualifiers, Australia have booked their tickets Tokyo after seeing off Russia in their two game playoff in Perth again won the hockey Reus scored twice in the first two minutes A Dream start. Thanks to goals from Emily choker and Amy Lawton and although Russia pulled one back in the first quarter and then leveled through Alina. Klimova Grace Stewart's goal and another from choker put Also using control going into game to game two is bit more routine. The Australians scored a double through Mariah Williams, and then another one each for Chalker and Stewart and a goal for Sophie Taylor secure Australia's slot in the Tokyo games elsewhere Adrian locks Spain project continues rolling on as they saw of Korea to ensure they qualify for the Olympics once again, they did. All behind to a penalty corner from he Sun Yang in game one the lovely poachers effort from Berlin Iglesias a well-taken penalty corner from Lola riera gave them a slender Advantage going into game two in game two. Begonia Garcia settled any Spanish nurse. There may have been with the opening goal after the goalkeeper and Defender gotten a terrible mess on the goal line and then riera slotted in a penalty stroke and it was all over for Korea and a Tokyo for Spain the final tithe take place in the women's qualifiers. This weekend was China vs. Belgium was looking good for Belgium. After game one, where an early goal from Dual bun and a late goal from Stephanie Vandenberg a the matter to nil lead going into game two. Everything seemed to be fine for Belgium in game two. The lead was intact until four minutes from time when Bing vangu slotted home from the penalty spot to give China a glimmer of hope then Credibly my you liang's cross was diverted into her own net by Alex Gurney here to make that to take the match into a shootout as one all after five each which took it into Southern death and then jike wheelies scored meaning Alex Gurney has her of the own goal in normal time. She had to score to keep Belgium minute her effort went wide and China took the win and a place in the Olympics and the advertising hoarding behind the goal. Cole took a bit of a battering from the Belgium strike a stick massive for China but absolute heartbreak for Belgium, but very exciting for us watching at home. So the qualifies for the women's Olympic competition so far are as follows, Japan Argentina, Australia China Netherlands, New Zealand South Africa and Spain there are still four places up for grabs and we'll find out who takes those. This coming weekend. So it's now time for the second clue in today's Who Am I quiz? So here we go. Second clue is in a glittering career. I have won two Olympic gold medals and Olympic bronze medal and a World Cup. I've also won the Euro hockey league three times that clear again in a glittering career. I've won two Olympic gold medals and Olympic bronze medal and a World Cup. I've also won the Euro hockey league three times to any idea who that is. Don't worry. If you don't know there is another clue coming up before the end of the show, right? Then here we go time to have a look at the three ties that took place over the weekend in the men's Olympic qualifiers. I'll rattle through the first two and save the one that everyone is talking about until last so Spain join their women's side in booking a place at Tokyo after they saw off a very strong Challenge from European Rivals France the first match of this time as an absolute belter France raced into a three nil lead thanks to goals from Victor Charles A Gaspar baumgarten and Al Murray Bellinger and after 29 minutes. I was 3-nil up must have been absolutely Overjoyed with that start even though Spain pulled one back through from a Chevy learner penalty stroke France were in an extremely strong position in the 41st and 50th minutes though as a soft and been the case for Spain over the years Power Commander stepped up slotted into penalty corners and made it 3-3 going into the deciding game in game two baumgarten de France the leave with a nap. Solutely brilliant goal, he drove the Baseline and lifted it over the goalkeeper from close range Miguel delos and Alvaro Iglesias put Spain ahead. But Francois GUI leveled it up at five five overall in the 39th minute, but parity lasted just one minute as Chevy Leonor. Once again put Spain back in from France for everything at them. But in the end it was the red sticks who held on and it's them who will be going to Tokyo. Fantastic two games and even though Spain took the place and even though it will be very little consolation to France. They showed once again that they're getting closer and closer to Europe's top sides all the time. You remember no doubt that they reached the quarter finals of the World Cup something that I predicted on galvanized have keys prediction show of course, and if they can keep building on those sorts of performances like this, they'll be competing on an even footing with the best sides around. He soon Netherlands vs. Pakistan was a very entertaining tie first match finish for for Pakistan executing their penalty Corners brilliantly to Spring what can only be described as a surprise result at the end of the day end of the game at the Dutch probably looked at mink vanderveer Dan's last minute goal that made it for four and thought they probably got away with one a bit there a second game the Dutch class Jean through vanderveer and scored two. More and there are further calls from Beyond Kellerman Mirko preiser Terrence Peters. And you Hanson. They only let it to give the Dutch a 6-1 win. If you haven't seen the highlights, I'd strongly urge you to watch them on the FH Facebook page the atmosphere inside. The stadium is superb the penalty Corner Clinic Pakistan conducted in the first game is well worth a look and Beyond Kellerman's goal in the second game is a thing of beauty like really well worth the watch. Now then deep breath Canada versus Ireland before I go into this. I should make clear. I hate it when people criticize umpires. I hate it when people blame the outcomes the game on the officials have the utmost respect for umpires and officials. I understand it is a very difficult job. And without them there won't be a game. I accept all that and ordinarily I'd steer well clear of any top. Make the calls out officials because I think it sends the wrong message. And I don't think it's the right road to go down. But the second match of this too much playoff ended up being decided by an Umpire in decision a video empowering decision and I'm afraid that can't be ignored. That is the major talking point of the of the contest. So here we go for context Ireland won the first match 5 3 over 2 one down in the second match. ouch, and that meant overall they were six five up and heading to the Olympics seconds left on the clock leak whole attempted to tackle Canada's James Wallace in the circle Wallace went down the on field umpire signaled a 16 and blue the full time whistle Canada asked for a video referral the video on pyre decided the decision was a penalty stroke Scott Tucker scored to make it six six and the Went on to win the shootout and qualify for the Olympics instead of Ireland firstly. I've seen some comments on Twitter saying the final whistle had gone. So Canada should not have been allowed to refer that's not correct. The incident happened whilst the game was still going on. They immediately asked for the referral it's as far as the rules go, they were quite within their rights to do. So, so that's that dealt with no issue on that. I've seen some dissenting voices some posts on social media claiming corruption accusations of bias questioning the Integrity of the F IH the officials Etc. I don't agree with that at all. I think I think that's proper tinfoil hat territory. It's not a conspiracy or anything like that. But what I would say is the if I just go to describe. Incident itself and the Fallout and they're sort of where I am on that and then you can guess make up your own minds from there. Obviously appreciate a podcast is not a visual medium so that you to visit the BBC sport website and watch the incident for yourself, but essentially the attacker drives towards the Baseline the crowded Circle The Defender tries to reach to make a tackle the attacker appears to step on the defender stick causing him to fall as I said earlier the on on field umpire signals are 16 and blows for full-time and Ireland think they've done it. the rules on a penalty stroke State that's a penalty stroke is awarded for an offense by a defender in the circle which prevents the probable scoring of a goal or for an intentional offense in the circle by Defender against an opponent Who has possession of the ball or an opportunity to play The Boom Now as I see it for point a I think from the angle the attackers going the speed is going the area of the circle. He's in the number of Defenders and goalkeeper around deeming that to be a probable goalscoring opportunity as a bit of a stretch. Obviously, it's my opinion. It's open to debate and criticism and there are people far better qualified than me to sort of make judgments on that. But my feeling is it would take something extremely special to Go from there, and I don't deem that to be a probable goalscoring opportunity point B and intentional offense in the circle by Defender against an opponent Who has possession of the ball and opportunity to play the boom to me. That's an attempted flatstick tackle. The defender only has eyes for the bull he's intent on making a tackle to win the ball cleanly and the contact with the attackers foot is as much down to the attackers movement. As it is to The Defenders movement. I'd say a penalty Corner would maybe be a fair decision. But to deem that to be an intentional foul is again my opinion a massive reach for me and I don't believe that that's the correct outcome. If you don't believe me just find out what island Captain Jonathan Bell thinks of it. Here's his post match interview. Terrible decision in the last moments of the game is much stronger out us today to pretty even gear and we chances their chances and we did have a couple chances take the game away from them. But as I say I decision I got this level is just not acceptable. Thank you. So no pull no punches pulled their one of the shortest that most matter-of-fact post-match interviews. You're ever likely to hear to be honest given how he was probably feeling he's been quite restrained there in my opinion as I've seen a lot of content comments across social media and a lot of rooted in emotion and anger a lot of people, you know jumping to conclusions throwing wild accusations around I've tried Kind of cut through the noise and pull out a couple of salient points for discussion in an attempt to work out what's happened and try and get some sort of understanding. The first thing that I did find of interest is that there was some question marks over the technology and the video angles available to the video on pyre Stephen finned later of hook hockey. He tweeted during the early stages the first game TV production having a hole a world of issues with showing the replays but video and by has no advice possible. So PC stands a big worry about the quality of video angles on offer that was at Neil Neil in the early stages of the first match of the too much Series so long before the key decision in team in game two. I've not seen anything from the FH about the video on pyre facilities or the angles available the feed I watched was not the best. It's pretty Court follow the angle shown on the replay whilst the umpires making the decision weren't that great either maybe the video on pie had access to angles and footage that we watching at home didn't I don't know. What I do know is that that tweet from Stevens suggests that there are concerns early on about the sort of the angles available to them and what I would also say if the video on Pearl was using the same video I could see it's hard to see how they could have been expected to make clear and fair decisions based on the footage available. So as we know there appeared to be some concerns and a few issues at the video in the first game and I know a number of journalists have put in requests the FH for clarification of what angles were available. You do kind of worried about that. It's part of a wider point with hockey that the quality of the video referral facilities seems to differ wildly from venue to venue and tournaments, too. Moments is not doing the game any favors when the impression is that some matches and some venues the video employers cannot do their jobs to the standards. We expect to firm because I don't have the correct the correct equipment or facilities to do. So for a game of this importance. I find it very difficult to comprehend the situation could arise where a video on prayer is not able to see every angle to make the correct decision that being said and obviously that is just me speculating because I don't know and I know checking just before recording. None of the journalists have heard back about what video angles were available. Of course, there is the possibility that the video and I did have access to angles that we at home did not see but if that's the case, why don't you FH come out and say this it might not quite and down the baying mob with their pitchforks and their flaming Which is barred and I think it might it might help clarify things a little bit. I have seen a number of people say the FH should come out and explain the decision and how it has arrived at and I know BBC sport contacted them for a statement, but we're told umpires decisions are final and as a general principle FH does not comment publicly on individual umpiring decisions. So obviously we've seen in the Rugby World Cup the world rugby governing body came out and Jesus some decisions made a Believe In The Island V Japan match, so I don't see why the F IH can't do the same. Now. I appreciate that. We people screaming at their device. Now who disagree with this saying that's a dangerous precedent to set you don't want to get into a situation where every time someone disagrees with an umpire's decision. They expect an official explanation and that is a slippery slope that we don't want to get down a stage where we're doing that forever. You came but what I would say is this is an exceptional circumstance. It's not just another decision in just another game Ireland's and Canada's place at the Olympic Games The Pinnacle of the sport depended on the outcome of this decision. Not just that but funding sponsorship livelihoods careers by any metric. This was a huge decision with a lot riding on it if the FHA saying the video and pie made the At call, which personally I don't believe he did. Why don't they come out and explain that why don't they come out and back that don't Ireland deserve that don't Canada deserve to have the sheen restored to their achievement of reaching the Olympics. As I say I just think there's a lot of unanswered questions out there. There's a lot of angry people out there. It isn't a usual situation. It is an exceptional circumstance and I think it would be very worthwhile for the FH to try and clear this up. I'm not sure if any of this section makes sense to be honest. My thinking is a bit jumbled around the whole thing. I feel desperately sorry for Canada because I feel like their joy and their achievement of reaching the Olympics has been tainted by this controversy and I feel even more sorry for Ireland because losing in that fashion is is horrendous to put it mildly and perhaps the last word on the matter just for some food for thought is a tweet from Davy heart. One of the islands goalkeepers hockey careers ended Olympic dream shattered and years and years of nothing but hard work and dedication from all players. Finished honestly still can't believe what happened a decision that will carry pain for a lifetime heartbroken. There you go. Well, that was that was quite heavy after all that let's lighten the mood with the final clue in The Who Am I quiz here we go final third and final clue. I made over 250 appearances for Germany and scored over a hundred goals and was voted F. IH World Player of the Year. 2012 clue again, I made over 250 appearances for Germany scored over a hundred goals and was voted F IH World Player of the Year in 2012 and the ideas fear not if you haven't got it, although I think that would have clinched it for many people, but the answer is coming up very shortly. So we've looked at the Olympic qualifiers which have happened. And now there's the small matter of the ones coming up. This coming week ends at the Lee Valley Hockey and Tennis Centre in London Great. Britain will do battle with chili in the women's competition and with Malaysia in the man's an Olympic Games birth is on the line. So let's have a look at what we can expect. So the teams they face first up quick. Look at chili. He will represent a new challenge for Mark Hagar side. The two teams have never met in a major tournament. Chili A ranked 18th in the world finished fourth at the recent Pan American games where they lost to Argentina in the semi-finals and then lost the bronze medal match to the USA of a player called Manuela Roth who has played Club hockey in Belgium for Royal Antwerp and more recently in the Netherlands for on your road. She is probably their biggest goal threats called 13 International goals in 2019. I think including seven penalty Corners, so she will be a big threat. She has a lot of experience International level and of European hockey from people. I've spoken to who know a lot more about these things for me. I've been told chili style is and a bit like a sort of Argentina light. So last year I blast will be physical hard-working have an aggressive press plenty of The visual Flair and I'm sure give Great Britain a run for their money. What can we expect from the host? Perhaps Captain Holly pan web can shed some light on the situation. I caught up with her last week and here's how she sees it going. It's been a tough few months with the pro league in the Euros not going maybe the way you would have wanted. But how are you guys sort of feeling going into these Olympic qualifiers? I think it's really important to look at the bigger picture in terms of sort of what's happened in the last year in terms of absolute losing our through injury and and and I've seen it through injury and and having some players like shown a comeback and so a lot of our senior players and then obviously changing coaching staff. So I think yeah, it has been like a Yes so far, but if you look at the bigger picture terms of what's happened. It's very much a sort of big new average new Young Squad new team and obviously the new head coach in place. So I think it was just inevitable. It was going to take a bit of time for his daughter to jail. So I don't think it's looking back in and sort of panic stations. I think it's that works, even though it didn't go to exactly how you wanted it. That stuff is still benefited Us in the long run in terms of getting to know each other so I think going into the mitt qualifiers. I think yeah would confident going into it. I don't think we can be overly confident. I don't think we can underestimate chili. I've certainly never played them. I think most people are team heaven and they're not going to be an easy to use not give me a walkover. We know it's going to be tough. But you know, we're here we've got these six weeks preparing for it. We've got these great test matches against India who are very good side and I think the wind today against India organic. It was a lot of confidence sort of Had periods in that game already sort of have to dig really deep and defend and I'm sort of Road through that way, which I think's a massive learning on what we have in the product because in the parolee, we actually played some good hockey and patches. We just defensively were just sort of letting in goals. So I think now we if we can sort of settle a defensive it more keep that really strong and still have the attacking hockey that we sort of begin to sort of generate a through pro league then I think we can have a really good balance. It's and yeah, it gives us really good confidence. So it's fair to say that you kind of although it's been tough. You have kind of progress and you've come on. Yeah, I think it's just about building and learning and learning from those experiences. And that's the best way especially for our youngsters and lesson experience play it I think that's the best way for them to learn and so that's a really big benefit of as having your prodi's we have so many really highly competitive games that hope was hopefully status in really good Stead. These two matches against Chile in there are some players in the squad that experience like the 2014 World Cup. Yeah, which obviously isn't great and but then, you know a year later European Champions, you're after that Olympic Champions. I mean to those experiences kind of help you to sort of kind of say to the younger players that good times can be Round the Corner that makes sense. Really? I think it's important to say it doesn't matter where we are now if We all believe we can achieve something in a year's time definitely can achieve it for your stick to processes because there's a some of us in this room that have witnessed that and been through that and it has been done even though people on the outside might write you off I did before Rio as long as we as a group believer and a working towards that then anything can can happen. So I definitely think that gives you some confidence in the back of your head and it's important to give that message to youngsters. However, it's also important to You to say to them. It just doesn't just happen. So there has got to be changed over that period and he we do have to look at what we need to improve and we have to work really hard in training and training has to replicate our games. So it doesn't just happen. We have to work really hard and through that process. It will be tough. But if we all do that together, then we can achieve what we want to achieve the end of it. And if you've not played against Chile yourself, but what do you know what to be expecting from them when you play them I think watching obviously we've watched. Some of them and they look very in terms of how the Argentinian sort of style of play so and seeing some of the results from their some the world league. They won't be tough. They beat Japan fit three one and had a really good game there. So I don't think we can underestimate them. I think they've got some skillful and quick players and we're going to be careful of them on the brake and they will be tough to break down and I think we've got to expect that. It won't be a game where we sort of is a walk in the park. Is complying score line, we will have to work through all of it for the whole 60 minutes and the next game as well. I mean these these games are obviously absolutely massive, you know, arguably the biggest since the Rio fine. I mean, how do you kind of cope with the pressure of now do you go into those games and make sure you perform your best. I think it's just exactly same as how we approach the Olympics and the Really final it's just a matter of you've got these processes in place and if we do the processes and follow them step by step and don't look too far ahead in you're just focusing on the here and now or what we have to do right in this moment. Then when we get to that point, you will feel as prepared as you possibly can both individually and as a squad so that when we gets that moment, there isn't the pressure because we know we're in a really really good place and that's what we did go to Rio and that's what we did in the final and and and that's what we're trying to accomplish right now is is the training we're doing in these test matches and that is look who's up and all the preparation we Both in the meeting rooms and on the pitch that's just part of the processes that hopefully again enable us when we get to the second or third November is to win those games against Chile. So confident you can get it done. Yes. Yep. Excellent. That's what I wanted. Yeah. Awesome. So the clear message from the captain is one of quiet confidence. You definitely get the impression. She's not taking anything for granted. She's not under estimating the opposition but there is a tone of determination in her voice there and it feels like Holly Pern web will be ready as she always is whenever she steps out onto the pitch one of the players who could be Central to Great Britain's chances. This coming weekend will be Giselle Ansley. She's come to the fore as their Premier drag Flicker and I've spoken to her about the chili games about her role as the set piece specialist and a few more things besides that so here's what she had to say. A big couple of games coming up. So how's the mood in the in the group at the moment? Yeah, absolutely massive games coming up and I think the kind of the group just wants to kind of get there and play it and kind of get it done. So we're looking forward to it. There's definitely a sense of anticipation. That's for sure that we using kind of the weeks that we've got to you know, train really hard and make sure they'll make sure that we're as prepared as possible really and then Been working with Mark Hagar for a for a little while. Now you previously worked with Danny for what seemed like a really long time. I mean, how are you finding kind of the differences and what sort of things have you picked up from Mark? Yeah, I think Mark definitely brings that real attacking style pay that he wants that he wants us to implement and I think occasionally as a group we've taken out a little bit too far in terms of we've kind of gone all gung-ho and left us. Cells open to their counter-attack, but you know, he was writ Mark was really Keen to build on the defensive processes and principles that we had under Danny. He definitely admired them a lot and then he felt that he could bring in that attacking side of the game, which is you know, what we were really kind of looking for. So yeah for us, it's remembering what we learn under Danny in terms of all of the as I say the defensive structure and stuff and making sure that we don't go away. Fanatics I feel we definitely have periods of the last couple of months, but definitely now we're you know, we're starting to ensure that we keep that side of our game as well as try and develop that attacking attacking side of it. And yeah, he obviously gets really excited especially being a big goal scorer himself and his time. So, yeah, the the technical aspects of goalscoring as well have been brought into our training sessions a lot more which is really really good for us knowing that the pro league was a Obviously quite tough for you guys, perhaps didn't go as you would have hoped but I mean what sort of lessons have you taken out alarm what sort of things have you kind of what positives can you draw from you? Yeah, definitely the product we had our fair share of mixed results to be honest. We had some good performances, but didn't get the results. We had some okay results. not good performances that kind of thing and we also had a lot of people making debuts or first, you know, GB cat that kind of stuff and it was all you know very much trying to piece the jigsaw back together, I guess and yeah, we obviously with the change in Personnel a lot in terms of also having Mark come into in to coach us, I think We kind of took a long time to jail again and it was it was hard definitely and you know, I think I've been incredibly fortunate in my career that I've been a part of something incredibly strong teams, and I can't say that I've ever been a part of a team that had been on a run of losses and stuff like that which I mean it sounds ridiculous to say because I've been incredibly fortunate in in my career. Here. So, yeah, it was about us kind of picking myself up from that and accepting that you have to go through those periods in order to make the greatest gains again. So we learned a lot through that you know that you can't just expect things to happen. You can't just expect results to come to you. You have to make it happen. You have to play an entire 60 minutes and you know, it was also good for girls to get you know, that haven't really experienced and that much international hockey to get a flavor of hockey. I know what it's like at that top level every single week and that was something that none of us that are doing, you know, making sure that you play one week you've kind of got a debrief that but you've also then go to prepare for another game and the following week traveling on the road things like that. You know all was a huge learning curve for all of us and one that will definitely stand Us in good stead moving forwards or it's all about performing those one-off games. So hopefully, you know for us that's really good looking so qualifier. I gave us to lie, it will all be about, you know, winning that first game and then obviously on to the second game at straight after that. So yeah, there was a lot of learning for us and it was an incredible experience. And now we've seen you sort of stepping up its kind of the main penalty Corner Flickr for the soy does does that responsibility add some pressure to you or is that something that you've relish? Yeah, I definitely I'm not gonna lie at times you did. Definitely feel the pressure but you know as now a senior player and you know worked worked hard on it and but penalty Corner defenses are getting better goalkeepers are getting better. They'll try to beat Maddie. Yeah. So yeah, I definitely do feel responsibility. But I also think that with that's what comes with the nature of You know being a flicker or whatever off the top of the stuff the top and I do honest I quite liked it. I liked responsibility. There's something I've definitely thrived on and yeah come to the come to game time. I want I want to be called to flick, you know, that's that's what I want. So for me, yeah, if we were in a corner, I'm happy to step up there and take that kind of on my shoulders must feel good. And it run into the top corner and The Crowd Goes Nuts that must make it worthwhile. Yeah, absolutely. Definitely when it when it comes off and it you know, it hits the hits the back of the back of the net and you can celebrate. I think my celebrations kind of show how relieved I am that is a gun in but yeah, I know that definitely makes it worthwhile and with the chili games coming up he could argue there that be his Sky. Seems you guys have played since maybe the Rio final. So how do you sort of go into that and sort of, you know, try and prepare for such a big guy? Yeah, but by far they are the biggest games because obviously we had the Europeans and and they were a chance to qualify as well. But as soon as that chance is gone, this is your final chance essentially if we you know, you win this you're going to see them picks you losing your not If you think that like that then yeah probably the most pressure game that will ever play in the quit. It's an incredible opportunity. You know, we absolutely cannot underestimate chili. I myself have actually never played against some senior or Junior and technology in fact, so that is a new experience in itself. And but we've obviously got a lot of video. Oh and stuff on them. So we'll be absolutely 110 percent prepared for that game. And yes another chance to go out there and we're GB shirt and you know fight for this team and hockey in this country to have a another shot at an Olympic Games. It's pretty So plenty of insight into the mood in the Great Britain women's Camp ahead of their crunch tie with chili this coming weekend Great. Britain's men's team are also in action this coming weekend. They will face Malaysia in their Olympic qualifying play-off. I'd like to give you some interviews from the Great Britain men's Camp. However at the time of recording Great Britain Aki's media team have not yet. Out me the chance to speak to anyone from the men's side of things. So at the moment I'll have to make do some quotes from Danny carry from when the draw was made instead that he said Malaysia are a good side with some great individuals and a number of threats that having played them recently. It gives you that understanding of what that threat is. They have some good Corner routines and some very fast players who are individually skillful and they also have some very large aerial passes play. Well on the counter-attack and with a very experienced coach you enroll in Altman's will be very well prepared. We will respect them and prepare accordingly playing at Lee Valley Hockey and Tennis Center and having a home crowd is something I personally enjoy and I feel the athletes enjoy having the support behind us, too. It's a great atmosphere there and I think you'll be a cracking couple of days that myself and the athletes will really look forward to not ideal having me read that help but, you know make the best of the situation we've got any way. That's Danny carry touched upon in those quotes there Roland Altman's is the coach of the Malaysian side. He is a coach par Excellence. The Wily Dutchman is adept at preparing his size to be disciplined stick to their plan. Lan but he's very good at marrying that discipline with Malaysia sort of natural Flair and that's why there will be a handful for Great Britain and it didn't outstanding job as coach of India. Where as I say instill that discipline alongside the natural Flair and free-flowing ability of the side made them a really tough Prospect and them, you know, it's had a bit more time with Malaysia. I think the World Cup came a bit too soon for them. Because he'd only been in the job a short time. He's been there for a little while now. So, you know his his ideas and his tactics will be taking group have some absolutely wonderful players Malaysia fits all sorry Faisal. Sorry Razzie Raheem 10 Cooter Juden. They all have an absolute abundance of international experience loads of flair. The corner routines are excellent, and they're attacking threat is You know very very good. They will be no soft-touch whatsoever. I also have one of my favorite goalkeepers Kumar not the biggest and that 39 not the youngest very unorthodox, but fantastic to watch always a joy to see him play and he always looks like he's really enjoying himself as well. So I always look forward to seeing him turn out that being said. I hope he doesn't play that well because I want Great Britain to qualify. From a Great Britain standpoint Squad it looks as though Wales is Jacob Draper will be in the squad for his third Great Britain cap after he impressed in the European championships for his home nation won't be his debut for GB but it's third cap. I think which is quite the occasion to be winning it such an important weekend. I'm really Keen to see him rise to the occasion. And I'm sure he will is a very talented young player and Liam Sanford appears to be back in contention. The squad after a long injury lay-off his bravery and direct running in the Dan Fox role at penalty Corner defense could prove to be extremely useful. Especially given Malaysia's Potential Threat from set pieces. Other than that Zach Wallace and Phil Ropers creative spark will be one of the keys to unlocking the vistas defense and with Sam Ward up top. You've always got a chance obviously taking nothing to grow up for granted, but Woody no, Where the goal is has a very good girls to games ratio in international hockey and you can usually Bank on him to come up trumps for you. And I'm sure he'll be chomping at the bit to get out there. So yeah, nothing taken for granted. But personally, I don't normally do predictions, but I'm predicting that Great Britain will get the job done and I certainly hope that I am right on that front. Now it's time for the moment. You've all been waiting for the answer to todays to today's Who Am I quiz a quick reminder of the Clues clue. Number one. I was born on the 28th of October 1984 in Hamburg Germany and I spent all bar one season of my club career playing for my home club, uh see the clue to in a glittering career. I've won. Two Olympic gold medals and Olympic bronze and a World Cup. I've also on the air hockey league three times to clean on the three I made over 250 appearances for Germany and scored over a hundred girls and was voted F IH a World Player of the Year in 2012. Did you get it it is, of course one of the greatest players to ever grace the game of hockey Germany's Moritz first stir well done if you got it if you didn't never Mind there'll be another episode along soon another chance to play coming up on the note of Moritz ferster. If you want to find out a little bit more about his career and what a great play was visit my website the top of the d.com go to the legends of hockey section and there's a piece I wrote about him in there. So yeah, if you want to find out a little bit more that's where you can go. Before I leave you just a quick shout out to my sponsor for this season mercy and hockey as you probably know doubt know if you're a regular listener for the podcast or visitor to my social media on my website. I am supported by Mercy and hockey this season and a very very grateful for the wonderful goalkeeper kit that I've been using this season. So yeah, if you want to get sticks kit bag You know any of your hockey needs have a look on their website and mercy and hockey.com and they've got you covered for whatever you need. And that's all we've got time for. Thank you for tuning in. Thank you, especially for making it this far in the podcast listening this long and if you'd like to get in touch, I am on Twitter at the top of the D on they're also on Instagram at to the top of the D. And I have a Facebook page, which is the top of the D. All my written work is on my website the top of the d.com. So if you ever want to get in touch want to talk hockey And I want to read some of my content or whatever. That's where you can go and I'm hoping I don't get too many angry Canadians or umpires getting in touch off the back of today's episode and you know speakers I find and I hope I have not offended anyone. But if you want to give me a shout on there and tell me how wrong I was, you know to find me say thanks again for listening and there they'll be another episode out very soon.